IELTS 寫作36基礎句型

1:  Benefit from : 從…當中獲益 
	Many children who suffer from this illness will benefit from the new treatment.

	注意
	be benefit to 跟 be benefit from 兩個主、受詞剛好相反，不要用錯。

2: invest in: 
	The government should invest a large proportion of its budget in helping the needy, despite the economic recession.

	the economic recession：經濟衰退。

	synonym: subsidise/sponsor/allocate money to
	antonym: withdraw/suspend the funding of ...

3: promote the development of...促進…的發展
	Even though the city has invested millions of pounds in museums and art galleries, it has done little to promote the development of education and medical care.

	synonym: facilitate the development of .../ is a main contributer to...

4: boost efficiency /productivity 提高效率/生產率
   The main question about high-tech education is whether it actually boosts the efficiency and the effectiveness of learning.

5: play a pivotal role in ... 在…中起關鍵作用
 Vitamins and minerals play a pivotal role in keeping our body healthy; therefore, children and adults a like should eat more vegetables that are rih in various vitamins and minerals.

類似句型：
	play a crucial / essential role in...

6: enrich one's social/academic/professional experience 豐富…社會/學術/職業的經歷
  Working for a period before going to university can greatly enrich students' social experience and make them more capable in university.

  synonym: expand one's outlook/vision 開闊某人的視野
  antonym: limit/ restrict one's vision 

7: keep society safe and stable 保持社會穩定
  Harmony keeps society safe and stable while conflict disturbs social order.

  harmony:和諧

  synonym: maintain social stability
8: have a duty/ obligation to do... 有責任做…
	In most European countries, parents have a legal obligation to ensure that their children receive proper education.

	synonym: be obligated to do sth./ be accountable for...
	antonym: be attempt from doing sth. 被免除某種責任：比如paying taxes
9: relax their bodies and ease their minds. 讓人放鬆身心
    children not only need opportunities to acquire knowledge, they need time to relax their bodies and ease their minds as well.
    